# Frequently Asked Questions

This document is an attempt to collect some of the questions frequently asked by the users of the LACChain Besu Network.

## Table of Contents

1.	[Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
	1.	[Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
	2.	[General Questions](#general-questions)
		1.	[How to change the name of my organization in the ethStats?](#how-to-change-the-name-of-my-organization-in-the-Ethstats)
		2.	[How to name my node in ethStats?](#how-to-name-my-node-in-ethStats)
		3.	[I see my node name on the dashboard with a weird suffix "xxx"](#i-see-my-node-name-on-the-dashboard-with-a-weird-suffix-xxx)
		4.	[How to see Orion logs?](#how-to-see-Orion-logs)
		5.	[Where are the Besu logs located?](#where-are-the-Besu-logs-located)
		6.	[How do I get the enode?](#how-do-i-get-the-enode)
        7.  [Why is my node not connecting to the lacchain?](why-is-my-node-not-connecting-to-the-lacchain)
        8.  [Why did my node stop syncing blocks?](why-did-my-node-stop-syncing-blocks)
        9.  [How do I change the log level in Besu](how-do-i-change-the-log-level-in-besu)
        10.  [How much is the price of gas in LACChain?](how-much-is-the-price-of-gas-in-lacchain)

<!-- AUTOGENERATED TOC -->

## General Questions

### How to change the node's name in the ethStats?

To change the name of your node you can follow this [instructions](https://github.com/lacchain/besu-network/issues/98) to set the new name (different from the previous one) in the "--node_name" flag.


### How to name my node in ethStats?

Before installing the node in the inventory file, you can set the name of the node in the "node_name" variable. More information [here](https://github.com/lacchain/besu-network/blob/master/DEPLOY_NODE.md#preparing-installation-of-a-new-node).

### I see my node name on the dashboard with a weird suffix "xxx"

To eliminate the suffix it is necessary that you send us an email to info@lacchain.net indicating that you require that the current name generated for the node be reset.

### How to see Orion logs?

Execute the following command to see the logs generated by Orion: 

```shell
$ journalctl -fu orion.service
```
### Where are the Besu logs located?

Besu's log files are located in the `/root/lacchain/logs` folder divided into `INFO`, `DEBUG` and `ERROR`

### How do I get the enode?

To obtain the enode you can follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/lacchain/besu-network/issues/23).

### Why is my node not connecting to the lacchain?

Check the following:

- If the node was not permissioned, you can see the instructions to get your node permissioned [here](https://github.com/lacchain/besu-network/blob/master/PERMISSIONING_PROCESS.md).
- Verify that the input and output IP is the same with which the node was permissioned.
- Verify the firewall allows connections UDP and TCP through port 60606

### Why did my node stop syncing blocks?

First check that your node is connected to the LACChain network, if so then consider the following:

- Verify that the `IP` has not changed and the firewall allows TCP and UDP connections through port 60606.
- In case the node is deployed in a private data center, verify that the `NTP server` is synchronized with the Google, Amazon or Microsoft cloud servers.
- Verify that the list of bootnodes is the same as the `bootnodes` parameter in this [file](https://github.com/lacchain/besu-network/blob/master/roles/lacchain-writer-node/templates/pantheon-config.j2).
- Please verify that you have enough disk space with the following command:
```shell
$ \df -TH
```

### How do I change the log level in Besu?

- Open the `log.xml` file located in the /root/lacchain folder with a text editor
- Now in the last lines you can change the level property to info, debug, error, trace or all. 

```shell
    <Root level="all">
      <AppenderRef ref="infoLog" />
      <AppenderRef ref="debugLog" />
      <AppenderRef ref="errorLog" />
    </Root>
```

`Note: Getting the trace log will slow down the behavior of the node`

### How much is the price of gas in LACChain?

Gas price is 0. You do not need to buy a token or pay a transaction fee to deploy contracts or send transactions.

