# LACChain network Topology

The nodes of LACChain DLT public-permissioned networks can be classified into two groups, according to their relevance for the functioning of the network. In each of this two groups there are also two different types of nodes, according to the specific taks they can perform.

### Core nodes ###

Core nodes play an essential role in the correct functioning, maintenance and operation of the network. Core nodes are classified into validator and boot nodes.

* **Validator nodes**

	Validator nodes participate in the consensus protocol, hash transactions and propose new blocks. This Besu network uses [IBFT2.0](https://docs.pantheon.pegasys.tech/en/stable/HowTo/Configure-Pantheon/Consensus-Protocols/IBFT/).
   
	Validator nodes can only connect to each other and to gear nodes. (COMPLEMENT WITH INFO ABOUT HOW ARE THEY CONNECTED TO EACH OTHER AND HOW WE FORBID CONNECTIONS BETWEEN WRITER AND VALIDATOR THROUGH SMART CONTRACTS)

* **Boot nodes**

	Boot nodes act as a liaison between validator and satellite nodes. They deliver the transactions from writer nodes to validator nodes, and update the satellite nodes on the new blocks generated by the validator nodes. One a new node is permissioned in the network, boot nodes share with it the latest version of the network, and any additional information as whitelists and blacklists that are required for the new node to be all set. 
  
  Boot nodes do not have any restrictions to connect to other nodes, so they can be connected to validator, writer and observer nodes. (COMPLEMENT IF NEEDED)

### Satellite nodes ###

Satellite nodes do not play an essential role in the correct functioning, maintenance and operation of the network. Satellite nodes are classified into writer and observer nodes.

* **Writer nodes**

	Writer nodes can generate the transactions to be recorded in the network. They communicate the transactions to the boot nodes, which pass them on to the validator nodes. (COMPLEMENT WITH MORE TECHNICAL DETAIL) They can also create private channels between themselves for private communication. (COMPLEMENT WITH A BIT ON THE CONNECTION TO ORION AND REFERENCE TO DOCUMENTATION)
  
  Writer nodes can connect to boot nodes and other writer nodes.

* **Observer nodes**

	Observer nodes are those that can only read the blockchain. Observer nodes can only connect to boot nodes. This type of nodes is not available in the LACChain Pro Test-Network.
